Dependency verification option for plain-text only (#26268)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

Check the [version catalog API](javadoc/org/gradle/api/artifacts/VersionCatalog.html) for all supported methods.

<a name="dependency-verification"></a>

### Dependency verification improvements

> When Gradle is asked to export all trusted keys via `./gradlew --export-keys`, it generates both binary and ASCII armored versions of the keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Gradle is asked to export all trusted keys via `./gradlew --export-keys`, it generates both binary and ASCII armored versions of the keys.

```

> With this release you can change this behavior and choose only one format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now change this behavior to choose only one format.
```

> In order to do so, you can edit `verification-metadata.xml` by adding the `keyring-format` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, edit `verification-metadata.xml` by adding the `keyring-format` setting:
```

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<verification-metadata xmlns="https://schema.gradle.org/dependency-verification"
                       xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
                       xsi:schemaLocation="https://schema.gradle.org/dependency-verification https://schema.gradle.org/dependency-verification/dependency-verification-1.3.xsd">
    <configuration>
        <verify-metadata>true</verify-metadata>
        <verify-signatures>true</verify-signatures>
        <keyring-format>text</keyring-format> <!-- or gpg -->
    </configuration>
</verification-metadata>
```

> We've also updated the XML validation schema for `verification-metadata.xml` to be more concise.

Reviewer: Could be nice to get a little more information or an example of this. How is it more concise?
